Add EVM support (#26)
trailofbits/MUI: README.rst

    :align: center
    :alt: Custom Hook Dialog

Usage (EVM)
--------------

> EVM support is currently a bit limited, and MUI only supports the same feature set as the manticore CLI tool. Available commands include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EVM support is currently a bit limited. MUI EVM only supports the same feature set as the `Manticore CLI tool <https://github.com/trailofbits/manticore>`. Available commands include:
```

> EVM support is currently a bit limited. MUI EVM only supports the same feature set as the `Manticore CLI tool <https://github.com/trailofbits/manticore>`. Available commands include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
EVM support is currently a bit limited. MUI EVM only supports the same feature set as the `Manticore CLI tool <https://github.com/trailofbits/manticore>`_. Available commands include:
```
